[SPARK-40194][SQL] SPLIT function on empty regex should truncate trailing empty string. (#37631)
apache/spark: docs/sql-migration-guide.md

  - Since Spark 3.4, v1 database, table, permanent view and function identifier will include 'spark_catalog' as the catalog name if database is defined, e.g. a table identifier will be: `spark_catalog.default.t`. To restore the legacy behavior, set `spark.sql.legacy.v1IdentifierNoCatalog` to `true`.
  - Since Spark 3.4, when ANSI SQL mode(configuration `spark.sql.ansi.enabled`) is on, Spark SQL always returns NULL result on getting a map value with a non-existing key. In Spark 3.3 or earlier, there will be an error.
  - Since Spark 3.4, the SQL CLI `spark-sql` does not print the prefix `Error in query:` before the error message of `AnalysisException`.

>   - Since Spark 3.4, `split` function ignores trailing empty strings when `regex` parameter is empty and `limit` parameter is not specified or set to 0 or -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Since Spark 3.4, `split` function ignores trailing empty strings when `regex` parameter is empty and `limit` parameter is not specified or set to a non-positive number.
```
